docs: add overview information for redirects checks (#405649)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/README.md

2. HTTP serves the manual, injecting a script that triggers reload on changes
3. opens the manual in the default browser

### Redirects check

> In order to improve the reading experience of the manuals, since [PR 353513](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/353513), documentation anchors are checked in CI so that they always redirect to a relevant section instead of failing. For example, if support for a package is dropped, resulting in its deletion from the package set, the anchor leading to its documentation should redirect to the release notes section where this case is explained.
> 
> The checks are done directly by `nixos-render-docs`, by comparing with a collection of identifiers in `redirects.json` files. More information is provided in `nrd`'s [README](../pkgs/by-name/ni/nixos-render-docs/README.md).

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The Nixpkgs manual is built with `nixos-render-docs`, which also runs consistency checks in order to prevent link rot.
More information is provided in [`nixos-render-docs`  contributor documentation](../pkgs/by-name/ni/nixos-render-docs/README.md).

If you remove a package, please redirect links to its documentation to the corresponding entry in release notes.
That way, bookmarks to that content will lead readers to an explanation for why things changed.

For example, assuming you removed some package Foo which had two sections in the Nixpkgs manual, make an entry in the release notes:

```
# release-notes.md
- []{#sec-nixpkgs-release-25.05-foo-removed} Foo was removed because it was abandoned upstream.
```

And make old links point to that release note entry:

```json
# redirects.json
  "foo-removed": [
    "release-notes.html#sec-nixpkgs-release-25.05-foo-removed",
    "index.html#ssec-packages-foo",
    "index.html#ssec-packages-foo-extensions",
  ],
```
````

Reviewer: We may also want to remind people to separate changes to Nixpkgs ("packages") and NixOS modules, and link to the respective files and instructions

Reviewer: Also package aliases maybe? But could be a follow-up.

Author: The last part is becoming more about workflow with redirects, which I'm not too sure how much to put only in its README to link to it.

I'll postpone working on these changes until I commit the redirects documentation to have a clearer picture here.

Reviewer: The idea in this suggestion was to encode some patterns we already found useful. Working *with* the tool can still go to the tool's documentation, that is just mechanism.

#### Managing identifiers inside redirects.json files

In order to manipulate the `redirects.json`, the `redirects` utility is accessible from the shell provided in the source directory.

> While more documentation is provided, you can read its [source code](../pkgs/by-name/ni/nixos-render-docs-redirects/src).

Reviewer: Provided where?

Author: Provided in general, the tool doesn't have much docs so this links contributors to the the tool itself meanwhile. I plan to write a README.md next and point to it, in addition to the actual help from the tool.

Maybe addressing more explicitly that documentation is incoming makes it less confusing?

Reviewer: Hm I'm generally inclined not to check in promises into version history. If we don't have anything to say yet, let's not say it and just add information later.
